# Homework 01

Your first programming homework is to complete CSS on two predefined HTML pages and to create one yourself.

How the third task looks visually is up to you, and we won't grade visual style. We encourage you to try out different CSS options, but it's also perfectly fine if it looks very basic.

## Literature

Since we shortened CSS part of the lectures in this year's academy, per last year's attendees' feedback, you will need to check out the **Appendix** in [lesson 01 pdf](../Lessons/FD-24-01.pdf) to make sure you have the necessary knowledge to complete this homework.

By solving this homework, you will have demonstrated the following knowledge:
- you understand CSS `position` attribute and how it interacts with other CSS rules
- you can write simple CSS media queries
- you can write simple CSS math function rules
- you can define a simple Flex layout
- you can select HTML elements based on their classes

For the third task, you should also check out [this link](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_input.asp).

## Tasks

Each task is defined in its folder inside the 01 folder and has its own README.md task description.

Each task is worth 5 points.

Good luck! Feel free to consult us if you're stuck. :)

## Requirements

All homeworks must be in the GitHub repository you have created for your first assignment. Each must be in its separate folder (naming e.g. 02, hw02, homework2, ...). You must create a git branch for each homework, add your commits on that new branch, and once you have finished it, create a pull request and **add Darjan, Petar and me as reviewers**.

What is a pull request and how to create it:
- https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests
- https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request

## Estimated duration: 1 to 5 hours
## Deadline: March 11th, 9am
