# Homework 2 - SofaScore Frontend Academy

Homework 2 is simple. Pass all tests (or as many as you can).

Tests are composed for you to explore some JavaScript nuances (and basic Date and Array methods) and to explore common syntax constructions that will be used in later lessons.

### Each task (*) carries 1 point and is graded based on test passing or not.
- Except for the classes task, which is extra and carries no points

## Instructions

NOTE: You should only modify the `solutions.js` file, **do not modify** `solutions.test.js` file 😀

BUT, do look into `solutions.test.js` for more information what you need to implement.

1. Copy `02` directory to local copy of your git repository.

2. Position yourself (via terminal) into the copied folder. You will know you are in the right place if you can see `package.json` file with the name property `homework-02`.

3. Run `yarn` to install dependencies 

4. Modify `solutions.js` to pass tests.

> Each task is worth one point. There is no baseline to pass other than demonstrating you've actually tried solving the homework (i.e. having some solutions, even if they are all wrong, which I doubt will happen if you try and contact me if you're stuck).

Use `yarn test:watch` to run tests in watch mode. Watch mode will ensure that tests are re-run on every change made to solutions or tests (tests are fine, don't change them).

There is also `yarn test` command available. This command will run tests and finish, so it should be manually re-run every time. I will use this command when reviewing your pull requests. 😉

([Jest](https://jestjs.io/)) is the best (personal opinion ⚠️) JavaScript testing framework. It has a simple, out-of-the-box configuration, and it is commonly used in JS and React ecosystems.

## Submitting Solutions

Submit your solution the same way you have submitted homework 01.

## Extra Information

If you feel stuck, feel free to contact us for further explanation, some functions are maybe a little trickier than others, so don't beat yourself too much if you can't solve everything.

## Estimated duration: 1 hour - 4 hours, depending on your previous experience
## Deadline: March 14th, 9am
