# Homework 3

For your 3rd homework you will create a quiz app similar to "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The app must ask a user 15 questions. The questions should be fetched from [Open Trivia DB](https://opentdb.com/api.php?amount=15&type=multiple) API. Use their config helper to get the desired architecture.

You can show off your development skills and free time and fetch a new question, only once a user correctly answers the previous one. Or take categories into account... Or you can fetch 15 questions at the start of the game, in which case you just use this [URL](https://opentdb.com/api.php?amount=15) and forget about the config.

**But, I strongly suggest you start from the minimal requirement and then add features, don't over-engineer from the get-go, as you might fall in a time trap.**

## Instructions

### Requirements

The site doesn't have to support mobile resolutions, but it would be nice if it didn't break at half desktop widths (i.e. try to support at least 600px width).

How the page looks and feels is up to you. You are the designer and developer.

We will not be nitpicking when it comes to design of your homework. But you might receive some useful design and UX suggestions in the review. Focus on making sure your application works as you intended, without (m)any bugs. If it looks great, fantastic, and if it doesn't, that's still fine.

### FAQ

#### Encoding

The API returns elements which are encoded (e.g. `Which Apollo mission was the last one in NASA&#039;s Apollo program?`). In React, the only way to display them correctly is to either: a) decode them using appropriate helper method b) using dangerouslySetInnerHtml.

In vanilla HTML+CSS+JS, this code displays the question correctly:

```
    async function getQuestions() {
      const url = 'https://opentdb.com/api.php?amount=15&type=multiple'
      try {
        const response = await fetch(url)
        if (response.status === 200) {
          const questions = await response.json()
          const div = document.getElementById("random-div")
          div.innerHTML = questions.results[0].question
        }
      } catch (error) {
        console.error(error)
      }
    }
```

In practice, decoding the result element is the better option, since setting inner HTML can [lead to vulnerabilities](https://blog.logrocket.com/using-dangerouslysetinnerhtml-react-application/), but for the purpose of this academy, we trust the API and the app is small enough that we don't care.

#### CSS Library

May I use Tailwind, Bootstrap or MUI? It is allowed to use any of them, but don't start with them. Start with an ugly basic app and then add better-looking elements.

### Baseline tasks: 20 points

The baseline tasks "should" be quite simple: track & fetch questions, display current question, allow user to respond, provide feedback. 15 times.

### Bonus features: 20 points

Any additional features are up to you. You can add lifelines (Croatian: džokeri), retreat from game, user statistics, anything you want. If you have time. If you don't, just make an app displaying 15 questions which user can answer and get feedback if their answer is correct.

Fully responsive site, i.e. one that doesn't break on mobile devices is also a bonus feature.

## Estimated duration: 4 hours - 2 days, depending on your previous experience
## Deadline: March 25th, 9am
