# Homework 04

Your first React homework will be to create a complete web application using a provided API.
The design is provided for you, but you can modify it according to your wishes or completely design it by yourself, if you feel like it. However, the app must have a specific set of features which are indicated on the provided design.

For this homework, you will use [Poke API](https://pokeapi.co/docs/v2). Why? Because it is free, works well, plus it has [CORS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing) allowed.

In theory, if you _**really**_ want to, you can find an equivalent API from a different domain and use it as the basis for this homework. But you need to ask for permission before using it. Equivalent API would be an API which contains similar results structure.

There are 2 sets of features to implement, baseline and extra tasks. You _should_ finish the baseline tasks first, and then move onto extra ones. But you don't "have to" do it in that order, e.g. if you want to add a theme before finishing the baselines, you can. You will be awarded points for everything you implement, be it baseline or extra.

## Design: [link](https://www.figma.com/file/PiseIcKWpJ9FReLM4cNtYb/Pokemon-Homework?type=design&t=0QIlH6WHIxjlRGfB-6)

## Baseline tasks (25 points)

### :one: Fetch and display items from the Pokémon API (20 points)

You will be graded on two sets of requirements - app working correctly (app logic) and looking nicely (UI complexity).

Estimation: 1 day

#### Logic (10 points)

You need to display Pokémon obtained from the [route](https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon/) in a collection (i.e. showing multiple items, as displayed by design, or some other list/gallery/cards version).

The page should implement infinite scroll, i.e. once the user reaches the end of the page, your app should fetch the next route and add more Pokémon to the page. It should be relatively easy to find a scroll listener code to include in your useEffect hook on StackOverflow. Alternatively, you can add a "Show more" button which triggers fetching the next page, but I suggest trying to implement infinite scroll, to get all the points here.

Each of the Pokémon items on the screen should display details about the shown Pokémon. All the information can be found on [Pokémon details route](https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon/39) which is returned as a result item on the main route. Explore the design comments to find out what are the exact fields to show.

#### UI Complexity (10 points)

Since you are allowed to freestyle on the look and feel of your app, we won't grade the _quality_ of the design, but its complexity. Implementing the provided UI design in its full form on the baseline tasks grants you 10 points.

### :two: Make the app responsive (5 points)

The page/app should be responsive, i.e. work correctly on both mobile and desktop resolutions. The breakpoint between mobile and desktop view in provided design is 900px and the minimal supported resolution is 400px.

Estimation: 3 hours

## Extra tasks (35 points)

### :one: Favorites (15 points)

There should be favorite (heart) button next to each of your items which, when clicked, triggers the logic to like the selected Pokémon. In the header, there should be a button which opens a modal with a collection of the Pokémon you have marked as favorites. Also, check how, in the design, selecting Pokémon as your favorite changes their image to shiny version.

If you don't know how to implement a Modal component, you can filter out the main Pokémon list by clicking on the heart button in the header, but that's going to get you a little bit fewer points.

How this feature behaves relative to refreshing the page is up to you (i.e. it doesn't have to be persistent after page refresh, it can only be React state, not saved to local storage).

Estimation: 1 day

### :two: Themes (5 points)

Adding themes to your app will net you 5 points. The colors are provided in the design.

Estimation: 3 hours

### :three: Animations (15 points)

As you can see on the present/prototype view, the extra tasks version of the app is full of pretty animations. If you implement all of them in your app, you will be awarded 15 points. Some animations have comments/instructions, but you can just see how they behave and make a reasonable facsimile (i.e. something pretty close).

Alternatively, you can make your own animations, by your own wishes, and still easily net the whole 15 points, but they need to have variety, as those in the design, i.e. not to be all the same one.

The way of implementing animations can be either CSS animations, something custom, the [framer motion library](https://www.framer.com/motion/) we use at Sofascore, or any other library. It is up to your discretion.

Estimation: 1 day

---

The person grading your homework can award you even more points if you add extra features or polish a feature perfectly (e.g. selected theme can be stored locally, you can initially ready user's device settings and set theme based on that, etc.).

## Estimated duration: 1 day - 4 days, depending on your previous experience and selected feature set
## Deadline: April 8th, 9am
